§Docs (#2)
animo/aries-framework-javascript: docs/libindy/README.md

# Installing Libindy

> > NOTE: You need to install the binary for YOUR platform and for React Native Android and or iOS must be installed

Reviewer: Deze zin is niet zo duidelijk.

```suggestion
> NOTE: When running the framework in NodeJS you must install the binary for YOUR platform.
> For React Native you need to install the binaries for Android and/or iOS
```
